.TH DOCLONE 8 2012\-08\-11 "doclone 0.7.0"
.SH NAME
Doclone \- Tool to clone computers and make backups

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B doclone
FUNCTION [ \-d, \-\-device DEVICE ] [ \-f, \-\-file FILE ]
.br
[ \-a, \-\-address SERVER\-IP\-ADDRESS ] [ \-n, \-\-nodes NUMBER ]
.br
[ \-e, \-\-empty ] [ \-F, \-\-force]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Doclone is a tool to create and restore backups of linux systems. It also
lets you clone computers over the network.
.PP
You can make copies of computers using the Unicast/Multicast mode, which
creates a direct connection between two or more machines, or using the
link mode, which creates a chain of nodes that sends information like a
bus\-topology net.
.PP
You can also make copies "on the fly", sending the data of a device
directly to the network without creating a system image before.

.SH OPTIONS
.SS GENERAL OPTIONS:
\-d, \-\-device	Path to the device.
.br
\-f, \-\-file	Path to the image file.
.br

\-a, \-\-address	Server IP address (Unicast/Multicast mode).
.br
\-e, \-\-empty	Don't send data, only partition table.
.br
\-F, \-\-force	Force the restoration of an image even if it doesn't fit in the device.

.SS SPECIFIC OPTIONS:
.SS For local work: (Implies the use of \-d and \-f)
\-c, \-\-create	Create a disk or partition image.
.br
\-r, \-\-restore	Restore a disk or partition image.

.SS For work over the network: (Implies the use of \-d or \-f)
.SS Unicast/Multicast connection:
\-S, \-\-send	Sends server's data to receivers.
.br
			(This function implies \-n).
\-R, \-\-receive	Receives data from the server.
.br
				(This option implies \-a).

.SS Link mode connection:
\-s, \-\-link\-send	Sends data to the network.
.br
\-l, \-\-link\-receive	Receives data from the network.

.SS Others:
\-h, \-\-help	Show this help.
.br
\-v, \-\-version	Show version.

.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Create an image of /dev/sdb and save it in /home/user/sdb.doclone:
doclone \-cd /dev/sdb \-f /home/user/sdb.doclone
	
.SS Restore an image saved in /home/user/sdb.doclone into /dev/sdb:
doclone \-rd /dev/sdb \-f /home/joan/sdb.doclone

.SS Send data on the fly to one recipient:
doclone \-Sd /dev/sdb1
.br
or:
.br
doclone \-Sd /dev/sdb1 \-n 1

.SS Send data on the fly to two recipients:
doclone \-Sd /dev/sdb \-n 2
	
.SS Receive data from the server and restore it in /dev/sdb:
doclone \-Rd /dev/sdb \-a 192.168.0.12

.SS Listen for any server in the network, receive its data and restore it in /dev/sdb:
doclone \-ld /dev/sdb

.SS Send the data of /dev/sda to receivers listening on the network:
doclone \-sd /dev/sda

.SH MORE INFORMATION
You can find the complete documentation of doclone in the link below:
http://doclone.nongnu.org/

.SH AUTHOR
Doclone was written by Joan Lledó <joanlluislledo@gmail.com>
